## DATA DICTIONARY

Activity						1	factor				Activities each subject did
									Activity	 		Code
									WALKING				1
									WALKING_UPSTAIRS	2
									WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS	3
									SITTING				4
									STANDING			5
									LAYING				6
Subject							2	integer			Range 1-30		Identifier for each subject
mean(tBodyAccMeanXaxis)			3	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccMeanXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccMeanYaxis)			4	numeric 		Mean of tBodyAccMeanYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccMeanZaxis)			5	numeric 		Mean of tBodyAccMeanZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccSDXaxis)			6	numeric 		Mean of tBodyAccSDXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccSDYaxis)			7	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccSDYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccSDZaxis)			8	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccSDZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tGravityAccMeanXaxis)		9	numeric			Mean of tGravityAccMeanXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tGravityAccMeanYaxis)		10	numeric			Mean of tGravityAccMeanYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tGravityAccMeanZaxis)		11	numeric			Mean of tGravityAccMeanZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tGravityAccSDXaxis)		12	numeric			Mean of tGravityAccSDXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tGravityAccSDYaxis)		13	numeric			Mean of tGravityAccSDYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tGravityAccSDZaxis)		14	numeric			Mean of tGravityAccSDZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccJerkMeanXaxis)		15	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccJerkMeanXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccJerkMeanYaxis)		16	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccJerkMeanYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccJerkMeanZaxis)		17	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccJerkMeanZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccJerkSDXaxis)		18	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccJerkSDXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccJerkSDYaxis)		19	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccJerkSDYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccJerkSDZaxis)		20	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccJerkSDZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroMeanXaxis)		21	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroMeanXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroMeanYaxis)		22	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroMeanYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroMeanZaxis)		23	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroMeanZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroSDXaxis)			24	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroSDXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroSDYaxis)			25	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroSDYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroSDZaxis)			26	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroSDZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroJerkMeanXaxis)	27	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroJerkMeanXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroJerkMeanYaxis)	28	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroJerkMeanYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroJerkMeanZaxis)	29	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroJerkMeanZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroJerkSDXaxis)		30	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroJerkSDXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroJerkSDYaxis)		31	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroJerkSDYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroJerkSDZaxis)		32	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroJerkSDZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccMagMean)			33	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccMagSD)				34	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tGravityAccMagMean)		35	numeric			Mean of tGravityAccMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tGravityAccMagSD)			36	numeric			Mean of tGravityAccMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccJerkMagMean)		37	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccJerkMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyAccJerkMagSD)			38	numeric			Mean of tBodyAccJerkMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroMagMean)			39	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroMagSD)			40	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroJerkMagMean)		41	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroJerkMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(tBodyGyroJerkMagSD)		42	numeric			Mean of tBodyGyroJerkMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccMeanXaxis)			43	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccMeanXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccMeanYaxis)			44	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccMeanYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccMeanZaxis)			45	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccMeanZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccSDXaxis)			46	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccSDXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccSDYaxis)			47	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccSDYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccSDZaxis)			48	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccSDZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccJerkMeanXaxis)		49	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccJerkMeanXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccJerkMeanYaxis)		50	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccJerkMeanYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccJerkMeanZaxis)		51	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccJerkMeanZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccJerkSDXaxis)		52	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccJerkSDXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccJerkSDYaxis)		53	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccJerkSDYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccJerkSDZaxis)		54	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccJerkSDZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyGyroMeanXaxis)		55	numeric			Mean of fBodyGyroMeanXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyGyroMeanYaxis)		56	numeric			Mean of fBodyGyroMeanYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyGyroMeanZaxis)		57	numeric			Mean of fBodyGyroMeanZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyGyroSDXaxis)			58	numeric			Mean of fBodyGyroSDXaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyGyroSDYaxis)			59	numeric			Mean of fBodyGyroSDYaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyGyroSDZaxis)			60	numeric			Mean of fBodyGyroSDZaxis measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccMagMean)			61	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyAccMagSD)				62	numeric			Mean of fBodyAccMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyBodyAccJerkMagMean)	63	numeric			Mean of fBodyBodyAccJerkMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyBodyAccJerkMagSD)		64	numeric			Mean of fBodyBodyAccJerkMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyBodyGyroMagMean)		65	numeric			Mean of fBodyBodyGyroMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyBodyGyroMagSD)		66	numeric			Mean of fBodyBodyGyroMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagMean)	67	numeric			Mean of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagMean measure grouped by Activity and subject
mean(fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagSD)	68	numeric			Mean of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagSD measure grouped by Activity and subject
